An average is just a waste rice bucket
bitch
Suddenly a genius for breaking world champions
Hey, think about it with your pig brains
Is that reasonable?
Can anyone prove it?
The town leader you just mentioned
County leaders City leaders
Provincial leaders are coming
Want me to see you two
Maybe he did something shady
Maybe it's the result of your own persuasion
Ah, yes, yes.
My mom was right
There's definitely something wrong with this.
Otherwise, the two of them cheated.
Otherwise, this broken machine is broken.
Lin Wenwen, you trash
How could you possibly break the world record?
Is it so hard for the Lin Demon Clan to admit that others are excellent?
You look like a jumping clown
you
How dare you, Lin Yaozu?
Lin Wenwen is a genius who broke the world record
National selected key players
How dare you touch him
Believe it or not, I'll call the police right away
Immediately arrest you and put you in prison for a few years
I bah Lin Wenwen
Lin Wenwen is a stupid pig
How could it be the day that broke the world record?
Let me tell you
There's something wrong with this.
Don't believe him, don't be deceived by him